docs(v1.12.0): update "Create Longhorn Volumes" (#1369)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.12.0/nodes-and-volumes/volumes/create-volumes.md

        persistentVolumeClaim:
          claimName: longhorn-volv-pvc
    ```

> More examples are available in [Examples](../../../references/examples).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More examples are available under the [examples section](../../../references/examples).
```

Author: Updated. Thank you.
